Week1:
1. Form the group
2. discuss the topic: E-commence and create the jira account
3. discuss the structure of the project and create proposal-to-do-list

Week2:
1. start proposal
    1.1. decide on the proposal objectives
    1.2. decide on the sprints, stories and epics
2. create latex for formal proposal and google-docs for drafts

Week3:
1. finish the proposal(half part of stores and epics/ objectives / Novel functions)
2. create sprints and stories to Jira and write the project roadmap and backlog
3. start to deal with the database and backend springboot structure

week4
1. As a Scrum Master, submit the proposal on behalf of the whole team.
2. start coding the sprint1: function User login and register interface.
3. create User table in the database and connect to the database, insert or select data using mybatis.

week5:
1. As a Scrum Master, attend Progressive Demo A and state the back-end structure.
2. hold the meeting for Retrospective A, solve the problems in our system.
3. continue coding for sprint 2: function Product(view all products).
4. Create product table in the database.

week6:
flexible week!

week7:
1. As a Scrum Master, attend Retrospective A review and obtain comment on it, from which we will do better on Retrospective B.
2. Finish product functions, which contains recommend system and product details page.
3. talk with the front-end team members and solve the problems on connection with front-end.

week8:
1. As a Scrum Master, submit the Retrospective B to WebCMS and email tutor.
2. Finish Questionnaire function: add delete and update questionnaire.
3. Finish Shopping cart function: user can add, delete and update their shopping cart.

Week9:
1. Finish all coding and do some code review and code testing.
2. Help Andy with the report and be responsible for description on recommend part.
3. Prepare for the final demo presentation.

week10:
1. Finish on all projects and reports, prepare for submit.
2. Do the final demo with recommendation part.
3. Convert all jira tasks to Done!
4. submit all files and Finish!
