Week1
Group formed, our group name is Undingable, which means the workload in UNSW is heavy . 
But it is good for all of us that it is the last term in our postgraduate life. Then, we selected Jiahui as our group's Scrum Master. 
With the help of Rachid, we created our Jira accounts.
After group forming, we chose E-commerce recommender system as our project and our products are related to fragrance. 
At last, we discussed the structure of our proposal and what programming language and softwares we are going to use in our project.

Week2
We had review what we have done in week1. Then our group discussed what we need to include in our proposal.
In the lab, Rachid displayed some good example to us, which is helpful for us to write a good proposal.
At the end of the meeting, we discussed to divide the proposal into vary parts and everyone select a part they want. 
In addition, we decided to have other meeting on this Friday and next Monday, which is to present the draft of the proposal and figure the improvement of it.
Jiaqi and I are responsable for the background part. which is to do some research on some similar website and consider what elements should be included in our project.
At the end of the week, we finish our part of the proposal on time.

Week3
During the lab, we presented our proposal to Rachid and wrote down the improvement suggested by him.
Our team planed to add more details into the proposal according to Rachid's suggestion. 
Since the proposal need to be submitted until week 4, our scrum master re-allocated the task to us, which are the improvement in the final version of the proposal. 
We changed the work flow diagram, draw more prototype pictures in the proposal. Jiahui and I wrote down the sprint and add the task on the Jira website.

week4
This week we submitted our proposal. After the lab, we discussed to divided our project into 2 parts: backend and frontend. Jiaqi, Shuo and I chose the frontend part.
And next week we are going to present the first demo. So Jiaqi and I built the web page, like home page, register and login page and questionaire page.

week5
It's the first demo during the lab time. All of us felt nervous, fortuately, Rachid did not have a big expectation to our first demo. But he still gave some suggestion to us,
such as the color matching style on the page. So Jiaqi and I discussed the style after that, and we decided to use pink with white as the theme color of our webpage.
In adddition, we continued to built more pages after this week.

week7
We presented Retrospective A this week during the lab time. Also, we presented some contribution of the project. Shuo connected the API between frontend and backend,
the effect is awesome! Nice to see something dynamic based on the static web page. This week, I will build the cart page and evaluation page.

week8
Demo B presentation was held in the lab time. Some recommandation issues are needed to improve. 
We are going to add more details on the page, since basic functions shown on the web page are finished.

week9
We presented Retrospective B this week during the lab time. It's a pity that we didn't remember what needed to be corrected last time, 
but we heard from Rachid that our overall degree of completion is still good, but we still need to pay attention to some details.

week 10
It's a final demo presentation during the lab time. I am very excited to see that everyone's results can be displayed in a complete continuous demonstration.
In these 10 weeks, our team members are very united, and solve the difficulties encountered one by one like a professional project team. This experience is really great.
Thanks to our team members for their hard work during this period, and thanks to Rachid for his helpful suggestions on our project during this period.

