Week1

We have built a team for developing an e-commerce system. Our team create working proposal plan.
The team setted our jira account.
Our team design developing plan for front-end part, and organize page contents.  
In proposal, the team clear front-end and back-end structure and plan to show it in proposal doc.

Week2

Finish first virsion proposal doc.
After meeting a few times, the team divided into two groups for front-end and back-end.
I am in front-end group. I participate drawing the work flow and draw prototypes.

Week3

We discussed all details in enginnering structure and recorrected unclear design.
I write the software architecture figure.
Finish the final virsion of proposal.

Week4

Add router, and add link to the existing pages
Add axios and api base
Completed basic register and login function

Week5

Tuesday's lab was progressive Demo A
Add a defualt layout of our website sturcture.  
Add questionnaire page.

Week6

Update some pages' ux, which including login, register and header
Add and fix register page logic
Adjust the connection between the front end and the back end, and now data can be transmitted stably

Week7

Add router link of item information page and homepage item card
Supplement to search function
Fix connection issue with backend
Fix and adjust homepage layout

Week8

Fully complete the search function, which include two part:
1. Fuzzy search for product names through the search bar
2. Search for the desired product through the product category in the sidebar
The content of the information detail page can be retrieved from the database
The questionnaire function is completed, linked with the back-end recommendation system, and can update questionnarie later in user profile page.

Week9

implement shoping cart & checkout functions 
implement user prodile update functions - add phone number and address
implement delete comment function in item management page 
Users view their order in user profile page and admin can view all orders in admin dashboard
Users can rate and comment their order in evalution page.
